Expand template C++ class docs (#3891)
cython/cython: docs/src/userguide/wrapping_CPlusPlus.rst

instantiation, it will write ``MyClass<T, U>::V``, so if the class provides
a typedef for its template parameters it is preferable to use that name here.

> Cython is unable to infer the template type from the cdef statement when
> creating instances of a tempalte class. The template type must be supplied 
> directly to the constructor as well::
> 
> 	cdef vector[int] v = vector[int]()
> 	cdef vector[int] *v_ptr = new vector[int]()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cython does not try to infer the template type of the newly created C++ object
from a variable that it gets assigned to. The template type must be supplied 
to both the constructor and the variable declaration, even when both occur in the same statement::

    cdef vector[int] v = vector[int]()
    cdef vector[int] *v_ptr = new vector[int]()
```

instantiation, it will write ``MyClass<T, U>::V``, so if the class provides
a typedef for its template parameters it is preferable to use that name here.

On assignments, Cython does not try to infer the template type of the
newly created C++ object from a variable that it gets assigned to.

> The template type must be supplied  to both the constructor and the

Reviewer 2: You don't have to have this redundancy, instead (and preferably) you can just write

    v = vector[int]()
    v_ptr = new vector[int]()

and type inference will do the right thing.
